Okay, so now let's talk about AWS Snowball.
So it's a highly secure and portable device
that allows you to collect and process data
at the edge and migrate data in and out of AWS.
So if you have a migration of say, petabytes of data,
Snowball may be a good use case.
So we have two kind of Snowball edge devices.
One is called the Edge Storage Optimized,
and the other one is called the Edge Compute Optimized.
And the difference lies in their storage.
As you can see, one has 210 terabytes
and the other one has 28 terabytes.
So obviously one is for storage
and the other one is only used for computer.
So let me tell you about data migrations.
So it takes a lot of time to transfer some data
over a specific bandwidth speed.
For example, if you want to transfer a hundred terabytes
over one gigabytes per second connection,
it would take you 12 days.
So when you have a slow connection,
you may have limited connectivity, limited bandwidth,
very high network cost, and you have to share the bandwidth,
for example, with some other applications,
the connection may not be stable.
So whenever you have these kind of challenges,
or if it takes you, for example, over a week
to transfer data over the network,
the recommendation is to use a Snowball device.
So the idea is that if you upload directly to Amazon S3,
it's simple, but it may use all your bandwidth.
And if you use Snowball,
well, you're going to receive a physical Snowball device,
you, yourself in your own infrastructure.
So it's a physical machine,
and then you load it with the data you need,
and then finally you ship it back to AWS.
And then you will be having an export process
within AWS to take your data from the Snowball onto,
for example, an Amazon S3 bucket.
So this is the main use case of a Snowball device.
The other one is a edge computing use case.
So the idea is that you wanna process data
while it's being created on an edge location.
For example, it's a truck on the road or a ship on the sea,
or a mining station on the ground.
And these locations may have no internet access
or limited access to internet or compute power.
So here again, we order one of these
big Snowball edge devices and we do edge computing.
And so that means that we have the Compute Optimized,
this is dedicated for that use case
for the search optimized devices.
And then because they have computing capability,
we can actually run EC2 instances
or Lambda functions directly on these devices.
The idea is that once the data is created
and processed, we can send it back again to AWS,
but by using an edge computing device,
we can pre-process the data
or we can do machine learning at the edge
or directly transcode media at the edge.
And that's the use case for edge computing.
So hopefully that makes sense.
The Snowball service is really just something that is used
for data migrations and edge computing.
Alright, that's it, I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.